release: v1.51.0 (#5642)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_bnjjj_fix_event_instr_response_context_sel.md

> ### fix(telemetry): add response_context handling in event selector when using an event_* instrument ([PR #5565](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5565))
> 
> This will fix cases when you want to create a custom instruments having a value set to `event_*` with a condition executed on event and using the `response_context` selector in attributes.
> 
> Example:

Reviewer: @bnjjj - please review

```suggestion
### Add response_context in event selector for event_* instruments ([PR #5565](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5565))

The router now supports creating custom instruments with a value set to `event_*` and using both a condition executed on an event and the `response_context` selector in attributes. Previous releases didn't support the `response_context` selector in attributes.

An example configuration:
```
